Add Fortran elastic-tube-1d solvers (#606)
precice/tutorials: changelog-entries/606.md

> - Added Fortran solvers for the elastic-tube-1d tutorial (without using the [Fortran module](https://github.com/precice/fortran-module)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added Fortran solvers for the elastic-tube-1d tutorial (using the intrinsic Fortran bindings).
```
